Technical Support Engineer - Tier 3

About the role:

Vecna Robotics seeks a Technical Support Engineer to join its Network Operations Center. These cross-functional engineers manage all technical issues with our robots from the field that cannot be resolved by Tier 1 & 2 technical support staff, and are responsible for root cause analysis, quality assurance planning, monitoring of regression and performance trends, mentoring and training of Tier 2 staff, and complex site configurations and path tweaks during active robot deployments. This role works closely with project managers and deployment engineers, and serves as a bridge to product development, manufacturing and sales and marketing divisions. 

In this role you will:
Manage all escalated technical support issues that are escalated from the NOC Technical Support Tier 1 & 2 team members, and coordinate customer communication on such issues. 
Provide root cause analysis and advanced troubleshooting for complex hardware & software issues. 
Provide product related training primarily to Tier 2 Robotics Technical Support Specialists as well as acting as a mentor to all NOC team members. 
Respond to customer issues within established timeframes to ensure our customer support service levels are achieved. 
Escalate technical support issues that cannot be resolved by Tier 1, 2 or 3 to product development teams. 
Monitor performance and quality, and manage updates to field robots and coordinate replacement parts with internal manufacturing division.
Act as a backup for Tier 2 Robotics Technical Support Specialists. 
Provide analytical reports to senior staff. 
Remotely coordinate and resolve individual site issues within the U.S through support to 3rd party vendors as necessary. 
Occasional travel required to client sites on short notice may be required. 

What we are looking for:
BS. degree in an engineering field strongly preferred; equivalent experience considered.
Minimum of 1 year experience in providing technical support on complex software and hardware solutions.
Demonstrated analytical and problem-solving skills to methodically determine root cause, and proposing solutions or workarounds to difficult and complex production issues reported by customers and partners.  
Excellent written communication and verbal skills, as well as strong listening skills. 
Customer service mindset to serve as an example to junior team members.
Ability to manage multiple priorities with a sense of urgency.
Experience utilizing debugging tools and lab simulations to analyze problems and identify solutions. 
Proven success completing assigned tickets in a timely manner and ensuring tickets are documented clearly with current status. 

Advanced knowledge or experience in one or more of the following areas preferred: multiple Microsoft Windows operating systems; quality assurance; MS SQL databases; LAN/WAN Networking; or IT Network Operations.
Prior experience supporting mobile robot solutions a plus.
Up to 20% travel may be required. 
