"The Director/ Senior Director Early Clinical Neurology is supporting actively the clinical strategy of the portfolio from early translation including first-in-man studies, the design and execution of proof of concept studies and translational medicine and biomarker strategy for the Development pipeline. The applicant is expected to be a clinical expert in neurology with a strong track record of delivery in the industry. He or she will work closely with colleagues in the Neurology Therapeutic Area, Global Exploratory Development and the Neurology Patient Value Unit to deliver a portfolio in line with the company’s Value strategy. He will provide leadership in Clinical programs, lead through influence across the cross-matrix and establish him-/herself as a respected clinical and drug development expertise.
The role holder will work with the Research Project Leaders to generate a portfolio of Phase 0 projects to support the pipeline with a focus on generating patient stratification hypotheses and identifying biomarkers for target engagement and patient selection. These studies will generally be delivered through a network of academic translational medicine sites and will be executed with the support of Global exploratory functions.

Actively supports the growth of the Early Clinical Neurology group so that it can provide Clinical Therapeutic expertise to Discovery and Early Development Portfolio
Develop strong working relationships with the Research Project Leaders, The Clinical Project leaders, with reach into Med Practice nPVU missions.
Build a phase 0 portfolio of projects in support of the Pre DP4 and Early Development pipeline focusing on patient stratification hypotheses and target engagement and patient selection 
Provide clinical leadership for assets
Requirements 
Neurologist/Psychiatrist (or experienced Neuroscientist) with early development experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Board certification or similar clinical experience in Neurology/ Psychiatry or an equivalent neuroscience training.
Has experience in (preferably early) clinical development in the pharmaceutical industry, with track record of in as demonstrated by strong publication record.
Track record in translational medicine and exploratory trials, with a focus on moving concepts/compounds from discovery to PoC.
Experience in implementation or different biomarker modalities in early clinical development.
Extensive Global Network in Neurology and global drug development experience
MD with extensive experience in Neurology early development and translational medicine
Strong communication skills with good presentation skills
High performer, strong team-commitment, innovative and can manage uncertainty
Ability to work independently and to solve complex problems and multiple projects in supervisory capacity
Listening, coaching, mentoring, facilitation, influencing and negotiation skills
A participative management style with the ability to build effective team relationships with colleagues at all levels in the organization
Please click 'Apply Now' for further information 
Apply Now
Ref no: 313858-JOB-4336"
